README.md Update (#1532)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: README.md

## 👇 Prerequisites

> Before Contribute or add new feature, please make sure you have already installed the following tools:

Reviewer: Spelling errors here.
```suggestion
Before contributing or adding a new feature, please make sure you have already installed the following tools:
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Inefficient

> Before Contributing or adding new feature, please make sure you have already installed the following tools:

Reviewer: There's a missing `a` here.
```suggestion
Before contributing or adding a new feature, please make sure you have already installed the following tools:
```

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :hammer_and_wrench: This code needs a fix&nbsp; | &nbsp;**Tags:** Not maintainable

> Before Contributing or adding a new feature, please make sure you have already installed the following tools:

Reviewer: Hmm, I'm not sure if we should capitalize `contributing` here.
What do you all think about this?

__
[![sema-logo](https://app.semasoftware.com/img/sema-tray-logo.gif)](https://semasoftware.com/gh) &nbsp;**Summary:** :question: I have a question

Author: Yeah you are correct
